would. Right. Let's scale
it up again. all
around slash clear just
to keep the agents
context window fresh. And
now we're gonna run
this prompt. So let
me paste this and
let's break this down
a little bit. So
we've now turned this
into a full reusable
prompt that our agent
can run, okay? This
has gone from a
toy prompt, right? A
toy high level prompt
to now a mid-level
reusable prompt that you
would want to embed
in your codebase.
All right, so how
does this work? What
does this look like?
We have the purpose
of the top validation,
validate your work. You
can see our same
backend checks. I'm running
a few front end
validation checks here. If